-What are you doing? There are customers waiting.
-Sorry.
Hey, Hairy! Hairy,  bring the chicken stock.
Hey, SOB, where are you when it's busy?  Hey, Hairy!
Are you here to wash your hands?
Yes.
Go ahead and wash them.
What do I do?!
That was my first kiss!
My first kiss is gone...
How can I live?
What can I do?
That pyscho,  I want to tear out his beard!
What is grandmother's name?
Na Hyun Sook President.
My goodness!
She even knows I'm president!
Then what about auntie's name?
Yoon Hyun Suk secretary.
Your age?
Seven years old.
Where are we going right now, Mi Joo?
We're going to kindergarten.
What are we going to do there?
Dance, sing, and do work.  I'm also going to make some friends.
Oh really?  Have you made lots of friends?
Yes.
Mi Joo...
Are you going to hang out and eat with your friends?
- Yes.  But, Grandmother.
-Yeah?
When is Uncle coming back?
He's only sent one postcard during his trip.
What on earth is he doing?
Old saying, "No news is better than bad news".
- This.
What is this?
My resignation.
You're not going to watch the dog fights anymore?
Are you bored?
I'm going on a trip.
If you want to go on vacation, then you can just take some time off. What is this?
It's going to be long.
How long?   A month?
A couple of years.  I'm going to travel the world.
Did you eat something bad?
It's only morning.  What is this nonsense?
This is my last dream.
Then why didn't you do it when you were younger rather than thinking about it now?
I thought I would be young forever.
After my parents passed away, you took me in.
I lived in a world not knowing anything.
I lived a comfortable life barely knowing my own age...
and how much time I've been wasting.
This is the only thing I need to do now.
-No.
- I've already booked my tickets.
With whose permission?  Cancel them.
I've already found a replacement.  She will be here next week.
Hey!  Am I the President, or are you the President!?
50 Million Won, let's eat.
You can't not eat even if your owner's not here.
What on earth has Jin Hun been doing?
Hurry up and eat.
You have to eat! Hurry up!
Even its hard ... Hurry.
What's the matter?
You have to eat. Eat.  Come out.
Come out.  Right now.
Hurry and eat.
He didn't come back after one week.
One month passed...and then two months...
Mi Joo got a postcard saying he's been well.
But, I have not received a single phone call or postcard.  Not a single thing.
I know very well that trying to understand each other is a very difficult task
-This one would be better, wouldn't it?
-Yes.
I don't even have the illusion that I know him well.
but  still this is not fair.
But then again. How can I understand someone else,  when I can barely understand myself?
I shall bring the payment next time! Thank you!
Oh..I almost forgot this. Bye.
I don't know whether I'm still waiting for him... Or if I've given up on him.
This size is  ...
Can I get twenty of these?
How much are they?
- They are 300 won each.
- 300 won?
-How much are they each?
-Those are 1000 won.
-Are they all the same?
-These ones are 1000, while those ones are 1500.
I'll get these.
- Ahjussi! Can I get this heart one as a freebie?
- Yes.
It's so cute.
Love like you've never been hurt before. Alfredo Di Souza.
Dance like no one's watching.
Love like you've never been hurt before.
Sing like no one is listening.
Work like you don't need money.
Live like today is the last day.
It's true...I want to live like that.
I want to love like I've never been hurt before.
But because of this ending... I want to change those quotes.
If you don't want to get hurt, then don't love.
Kim Sam Soon?
What brings you here?
- What? You met that guy again?
- Yeah.
He asked if I wanted to go to the movies with him this weekend.
So what did you say?  You're...not rejecting him are you?
-I said yes.
-Really?
You did well.
This is the first time you've done something right for a change.
If he's still interested after you rejected him twice...
This isn't normal fate.
Starting from now, you can forget about Sam Shik,
and work things out with the new guy, okay?
Hey, Kim Sam Soon!
Are you still waiting for that guy?
Waiting shwaiting!  That doesn't pay the rent.
-Is he the only man?
-That's right! That's the spirit!
But, what did we do wrong?
We barely have any orders!
I wish they would just click and put an order in.
-How many customers have we had today?
-Seven.
See?!   This is what happens!
We should have stuck with the name, 'Momo'!
You think anybody would' have come in if we named it, "Momo?'
We can't continue like this. We'd defnitely attract more customers if we made a commercial
I don't want to.
If we make a commercial, then various other stores will start popping up, doing the same thing.
Hey, Sam Soon..
Come here.
-What?
-Hey...Isn't this an order?
What?
What is it?
Look here!
One honey cake order.
One honey cake order...for delivery...
We got an order!  We got an order.
Patissier Samsuni
Cafe www.samsuni.com
Don't screw up and do well.
What if we get more orders?
Today's almost done for the day anyway.
I'm going to go crazy.
Hello.
-Do I look okay?
- You look pretty.
I don't look fat?
You look sexy. Glamorous even.
You don't see any fat?
I said you look fine.
I'll get going.
You look exceptionally pretty today.
But still, he doesn't stand out like Sam Shik.
Even so...they were a good match.
Is there anywhere you want to go?
No. Well...I...
I came out not really having any preference.
Then, let's watch the movie first.
I have the tickets.
Alright.
By chance...
Is he that President?
Who said you could two-time?
Get out.
I'm sorry for doing this again.
Hurry up and get out.
- Let's go.
- What are you doing? Get out.
Ahjussi, who are you?
Do you know me?
Are you joking right now?
Let's go.
I don't know this person.
Sam Soon.
You didn't hear me.  That night the chopper dropped me off for our anniversary dinner
- No.
- No?
Percussion ______.  I was partially deaf that night.
Get up.
Why the heck are you acting like this?
Get up so we can talk outside.
Look here.
I didn't know what was going on before, but I don't think today will do.
-Today is the real thing.
-Sam Soon doesn't want to.
It's just a misunderstanding, but it's the real deal today.
- Don't you see that she doesn't want to be with you?
- She's my woman.
Can you sit down? We can't see!
Get out.
I'm very sorry.
This wasn't supposed to be like this. I'm very sorry.
Let's talk on the way.
You and I are over.
Why are you acting like this again?
You at least have to tell me what's going on.
Is it because I didn't call you?
I already told you.  I didn't call because it might have made you upset.
Come to my house. We'll talk there.
Are you really going to be like this?
Do you have any idea much I've missed you?
Why are you doing this, mister?
Do you know me?
Hey Kim Sam Soon!
Are you not going to stay right there?!
-Why are you doing, mister?
-I'm sorry.
-About what?
- I'm sorry, so just let it go.
Why would I be upset with you?  We don't know each other.
What should I do? Do you want me to go on my knees?
Do you think you can afford to do that with your legs?
I'm sorry.  Forgive me.
Mister, spend this wisely. Alright?
Someday, a day of opportunity will come for you.
I can probably understand how you feel right now..but, don't you think this is too harsh?
You should at least tell me why you're upset and listen to what I have to say.
Come to my house.
Don't you get it?
You really have no idea.
Then I guess you probably know how many tears I've shed during that time.
That's why we should discuss this at my house.
Do you think it was only me?
How do you think my mom felt?
Do you have any idea how worried she was about you?  Whether or not you've been in an accident because you were so far away?
Do you know how many times she's prayed for you?
What about my sister?  She only said she hated you with her words.
But in reality, she does like you.
Do you know how worried she was about you?
We heard Mi Joo was sent a postcard.
And we three felt so neglected.
But despite all that, my mom still said that she was so relieved that you weren't in any accidents.
We all felt relief.
What are you?
Who are you to make us feel like this?! Why?
I sent you postcards.
What?  Did you send one inf your dreams?
You didn't get any?
I'm speechless.  Absolutely speechless.
Who is it?
It's me,Mother-in-law. Hun.
I've returned, still strong and healthy.
I was wondering if you could open the door.
Wait.
Hello, Mother-in-law.
Who is your mother-in-law?  Who?!
We don't need someone like you.  Don't come back here!
Also!  You...
Come here. Come here.  Take this with you. She refuses to eat.
Whether something the matter is happening to  me or
Hey, 50 Million Won.
♬What on earth happened? Because some image is shaking me up ♬
Use your words.  Your words.
♬For a second time again, it seems like it wasn't just me.♬
♬Don't say that it wasn't you who came looking for me. ♬
The soup's a little salty, isn't it?
I guess your taste buds are changing because you're aging.
It something that happens as you age. You'll understand.
But...if we don't have 50 million won...What are we going to do with our leftovers?
Who knows.  I guess we'll just have to throw it away.
Love like that is smiling.
That part of me doesn't want to say anything.
What is this suddenly at this time of the night?
A man who had a few to drink came by and brought this over.
He said he kept getting postcards from a stranger.
Because the postcards  kept coming each day, he couldn't throw them away so he collected them.
As he was laughing about the recipient's name being 'Sam Soon.'
I immediately thought of you, so I brought them over.
My goodness.  What is all this?
Then...are you saying he was sending them to the wrong address the whole time?
This is the coffee city, Seattle.
Earlier, I went into a Starbucks, and had a cup of coffee.
I couldn't really tell the difference in taste.
I'm currently staying in a 3-star hotel in downtown Seattle...
But, the hygiene here is absolutely terrible.
This place is spectacular.
Although I have to interest in gambling, I managed to lose $100 in 10 minutes.
It's a top tourist attraction, so the hotel was great.
I stayed at the Grand Hyatt Hotel, which is near all the Broadway theatres.
It's been the most expensive hotel I've stayed in so far.
I can already hear you nagging about my spending.
But I learned as much as the expenses.
The night life here is wonderful.
It would've been better if you were here with me.
Sam Soon... I miss you.
Say my address.
You told me you sent me postcards.  Recite my address.
Seoul, ChongRo Go, Puam Dong, #27, 2nd row, 5th box.
Read this.
Seoul, ChongRo Go, Puam Dong, #17, 2nd row, 5th box
You're a dummy, aren't you?
For now...Apologize to my mom.
If my mother forgives you ...
If not... I can't either.
I came back safely, Mother-in-law.
I was originally only going to send my friend off.  But, I had a lot to think about while I was there.
I'm almost 30, and need to get married.
I thought about how Sam Soon and I were going to live.
I thought about how my mother, aging quickly and thought about how we were going live.
As a result, I constantly changed hotels.
Like how you have to make lots of different foods to see which one tastes better.
Although I spent all the money I've earned during my duration working at the restaurant,
I considered it a learning opportunity.
Even so, don't you think 2 months was too long?
I also visited some friends over there.
Still, it was too long.
I traveled as well.  Since this would be my last time travelling alone.
So, how did it feel to be travelling alone?
How did it feel?
I realized how important those beside me were.
Then you should have at least called!  Do they not have phones there?
If I called...
I was afraid that my heart would grow weak, and I'd come straight back if I heard Sam Soon's voice.
So, I sent postcards instead, but I mixed up the address.
Please forgive me, mother-in-law.
How do you feel about this, Sam Soon? Should I forgive him?
I don't know.  You decide, mom.
Why are you asking me when he's your boyfriend?
If you forgive him...Then, I'll do the same.
-Mom, you decide.
-I don't know! You decide!
Why?You said I had terrible judgment for men.
Should we...go to a noraebang again?
Did someone say you can smile?
Did you have dinner?
I haven't eaten yet, Mother-in-law.
Our family has no interest in men who starve themselves.
Next time, don't come here on an empty stomach.
Yes, Mother-in-law.
Stay and have dinner before you leave.
Mother-in-law...although you're very kind... Can I borrow Sam Soon just for one night?
Why did you call me?
-Is that the first thing you say to someone who called you over?
-Sit down.
-Did you know Jin Hun came back?
-He stopped by at our place.
That jerk sure is quick.
Why do you always kill my mood?
Are you going to keep speaking casually?
Why are you arguing with me again?
Speak csually if you wish.
I don't want to speak casually  to a person
who is not close to me.
I wonder what is underneath your skin.
I wonder if it's a fox or a tiger.
Not close?  If we're not close, then what is the close relationship?
We're more than close.
Stop putting us as 'we'.
If people saw us, they'd think we're dating.
I'm going to go insane.
How can you let a thought like that enter your head?
What have you been thinking of these days?
Right now...What cake would sell the best.
That's all I've been thinking of.
Fine.  Think about me, too.
Think over about my proposal from before.
I already told I don't want to.
I won't ask you to clean, and I'll be the one to cook.
I'm just asking that we eat together.
I already have someone to eat with.
Isn't it boring to be eating with the same person? Change!
It's not boring.
What are you going to do now that you're older?  I can see you age right now.
Your mother will pass away... And your younger sister will have her own to take care of.
And you'll be an old grandmother. Do you want to die being a lonely, old grandmother?
I'll go to a very nice retirement town.
I have good plan & insurance as well.
Invest it in me, I'll guarantee your life, entire life.
Forget it.
Since I'm here already, let's go greet your mother.
Are you crazy?!
-Is that you, Yi Young?
-Yes!
You're finally trapped. Let's just see who's going to win now.
Who is it?
Yes, hello. My name is Lee Hyun Woo.
I happen to be your daughter's boyfriend.
Do you have a boyfriend?
No.  Why?
Then who's this guy on the speaker?  He said he's your lover.
That man is insane!
Don't worry about it mom. He's insane. I'll take care of it myself.
This is just unbearable!
I'll be right back.
- What's this?
- You think you were able to seduce me with a doll?
Wake up, mister.
Fine. I'm sorry I wasn't suave or cool enough for you.
I'll come back tomorrow.
You said you would take care of everything, you jerk!
What have you done for last 2 months??
He just won't quit.
Where's your ring?
Why did you take it off?
Because I hate you.
You're dead if you take it off ever again.
Just try to hurt me again and you're dead.
How much weight did you lose?
I didn't lose any.
Why not?
I gain more weight when I'm under stress.
I can't take it anymore!  It's been a month.
Now I'm the one who can't stand it.
This won't do.  I'm going to eat you!
I, too, will eat your lips!
Wait!
What?
You didn't say that you loved me.
-Is that important right now?
-Yes, it is.
If you don't tell me you love me... It won't happen.
-Do I have to use words to show it?
-Yes, you do.
Forget it.
What do you mean forget it?
You need to do it. Hurry up and tell me you love me.
So childish!
So what if I'm childish?
So what if I'm childish when we're together?
Hurry up and say it.
-I'm not going to.  I can't.
Why not?
I've never done it before.
Why are you so shocked?
You haven't even said it to Hee Jin?
Yeah.
Really?
Yes!
Then, what about Mi Joo?
Mi Joo is my family.
Who cares if she's family?
You would have at least said it to Mi Joo.
I've never done it.
You're...mental, aren't you?
There's no need to say things like that.
How is it possible to not say 'I love you' once after you were born?
Are you human?
Then, what about you?
I've said it probably thousands of times.
You mean to Min Hyun Woo?
Do you think I can only say that to men?
Family, friends...
It's customary to say, "I love you" to them often.
Why?  Your feeling should be enough.
You have to openly say, "I love you."
Who's going to know if you keep it in your heart? Huh?
What's the difference between saying it and knowing from your heart?
It's very different. No matter how much you adore that person, they'll want to hear you say it.
It's so childish.
We were born to be childish.
But, now isn't the time to discuss matters like this, don't you think?
Today, I'm going to definitely cure this illness you've had for 27 years.
Hurry up and tell me you love me.
Let go!
Hurry up and just tell me you love me!
Hurry up and let go!
If I don't do this, I don't think I can cure this illness of yours.
Now, say it now.
I'm getting angry!
Hurry up!
Just once! Hurry up and say it!
I love you!
-Louder!
- I said I love you!
Louder!  One more time!
I love you!
Why does a woman have so much strength?
Is that all?
I'm...going to let this go for tonight.
But, next time...
You're going to seriously say, "I love you" to me from the bottom of your heart.
Alright?
You've wasted so much strength.
Wait!
What now?
What if I really get pregnant from this?
Do you have one?
No.
Hurry up and go buy some.
Where would I buy them at this time of night?
There's a convenient store just down the street.Hurry up and go buy some.
How can I?
How can I wear a wedding dress with a bulging stomach?
You look pregnant even without the bulging stomach!
Even now... Hurry up and go.
Just go get them. Now!
Hurry up.
Hurry up and get going.
See you soon, darling!
Come back quickly, darling!
♬After receiving it he will look at a toy and♬
♬hug it and surely destroy it. ♬
♬ When it's tomorrow, he will already have forgotten  ♬
♬ like a child the people who gave it.♬
Do you..not have any?
You know...those things...
I'm not understanding.  What are you looking for?
Nevermind.
♬Darling, my feelings were given  ♬
♬ LIke a wonderful toy ♬
♬I was toyed with by your small hands.♬
♬My heart was locked in a quandary ♬
♬ My Uncaring Lover, My Person ♬
Why is he taking so long?
♬ My Beautiful Person ♬
Sam Sook, you-You saw everything, didn't you?
You jerk... You quiet jerk...
Don't look!
What's with the number?
-Hello?
- It's me, Yoo Hee Jin.
H-Hello?
It's been a while.   Where are you right now?
I'm in America.
But, why are you calling?
I...heard you opened up a shop.
Yes.
Is it doing well?
It's...still in the process of paying for our flour bill.
I'm sure it'll do well.
I guess so.
Why did you call?
I wanted to thank you.
For the porridge  then ...
and also for sending Jin Hun to America.
It's...not like any of it was a big deal..
Are you eating well?
Yes.
You have to eat regularly. There's nothing more important than your health.
Henry... Is Henry doing well?
Yes.
Are you...not curious about Jin Hun?
I have no time for that.
You... will probably become a great doctor.
Why do you think so?
Because...someone who has suffered, will understand those who are suffering now.
Thank you.
Hee Jin...
I would like it if you didn't call me again.
I don't care for you very much.
I feel the same way.
I have no need to call again.
Or to meet up.
I'll hang up now.
It will be 3500 won.
Excuse me! What about your change?
What's wrong with that mister?
Even so...he was really good-looking.
Wasn't he?
Yeah.
Oh, you came?
You've been waiting long?
No.  I've been studying.
I've got good news, and bad news.
Which one do you want to hear first?
The good news!  You know me.
The good news is that... I get to do what I've always wanted to do.
And that is?
I get to work with MSF.  I get to give food and medicine to children and people who need it.
Things like that.
But... 2 years in Africa, that's the bad news.
2 years?
And you have to go do this?
Well, it's what I've always wanted to do.
Can't you wait?
Wait?
Wait until I've finished my studies, and I become a doctor. Then we can do this together.
Can't we?
Study!  Quickly, quickly!  Study!
Really?
If we're going to wait, you have to study.
Okay!  Promise!
♬ My precious beloved take my hand.♬
♬  Because your coming  to me again, is like a beautiful flower song♬
You think it's funny that I kissed you, huh?
Sit down.  I have to study.
Honey, I"m back!
Honey. Honey!  Wake up!  Sam Soon!
Sam Soon!
Just leave me alone!
Wake up!  You're just going to sleep?
Do you know that feeling?
When I was on a train...and the sun was setting...
There wasn't a place for me to sleep... and I knew no one...
I was very lonely.  And I cried like crazy.
At that time, I thought of you.
I'm not going to travel alone anymore.
But...how are we going to persuade President Na?
You said...your name is Sam Soon?
Yes.
Then are you the third daughter?
How old are you?
Yes... I'm 30 years-old.
And how old are you?
I'm 27 years-old.
Then...
Dating younger people is the trend nowadays.
Trend?
Then, do you dig older woman?
Yes.
Then, should I follow the trend and start dating older women, too?
Fine.  What do your parents do for a living?
Her father passed away.
Then... What did he do before?
He worked in the food industry.
Food industry?
I know the food industry well.  What business did he run?
Yes.  He ran the Sam Soon-
He was a miller.
Miller?
Yes, a miller.  The company was taken over by close acquaintances.
And my mother runs a small-scale business.
Wait...if that's the case then-
She's a moneylender.
Moneylender?
Yes. Very small-time.
Is that so?
So...you make cakes for a living?
Yes.
So, I see.
- So, what do you like about our Jin Hun?
- Pardon?
What do you like about our Jin Hun to ask about marriage?
I love everything.
Everything...
Fine. You would love everything.
Little Auntie!
Oh, Mi Joo, you're here!
Have you been well?
-LIttle Auntie...
-Yes?
- When will you make more cookies?
I can make cookies any time.
And this little auntie opened a new shop.
Then, please make some tomorrow.
You want me to make some tomorrow?
Bring Mi Joo with you tomorrow, okay?
Jin Hun, come speak with me.
This won't do.
I understand her methods of using Mi Joo..
Sam Soon won't do.
I'm handing over the restaurant to Manager Oh and Chef Lee.
What?
I'm planning on going into the hotel.
What did you say?
It was your wish for me to work in the hotel.
I'll fulfill that wish.
However..
You have to accept my marriage with Sam Soon.
Are you negotiating with me for a matter of marriage?
- She's pregnant.  - Huh?
She's pregnant.
Fine.  Let's go to the gynecologist together tomorrow.
I know Doctor Kim. She's a gynecologist.
Of course...she's a gynecologist... Wonderful...I guess we have to go.
Sam Soon...
What?
We have to make a baby.
What?  What's wrong with you?  I don't want to!
I don't want to wear a wedding dress with a bulging stomach!
It's not going to matter if you can't fit into a wedding dress.
It matters to me whether or not I wear one.
I don't want to do this if I do wear a wedding dress!
You'll look pretty any way.  Don't worry about it.
-I don't want to.
-Be good and follow me!
I really don't want to do this!
I said I don't want to do this!
Honey... It's night time.
- Will the grandmother of the mountains (Korean fairy for pregnancy) visit us tonight?
- Yeah.
What do we do if I don't get pregnant?
I'm leaving.
Bad girl...
When are you coming back?
Are you really going to take 2-3 years?
I plan on staying there if I find a decent man.
If you were looking for a man, then you would've already gotten married by now.
Who knows...Maybe I'll find the man I've been looking for.
I'll be going now.
You disrespectful child.... You dare to leave me?!
Why are you hitting me?  It hurts.
If you were taking a plane, you should have booked a morning flight.
Why did you take an evening flight?
Evening flights are cheaper.
Why are you taking the cheaper flight? Did I give you a low salary?
Why are you making things difficult?
You bad child...
I'll come back if I find myself a man.
There's no need.  See if I care if you come back or not.
I'm really going now.
At least call often.
Yes.
Auntie, where are you going?
I'm going somewhere wonderful.
When are you coming back?
When Mi Joo enters school.
Really?
Of course.  Until then,  You have to listen to your grandmother well.
Yes.
Dad!
What brings you here?
Why are you doing this in someone else's apartment?
It's fine. It's only a dream.
Ah, that's right!  It's only a dream.
Why are you at someone else's house?  It's embarassing.
Do you like him?
Are you happy?
Yes, Dad.
Then, you don't need anything else in life.
Living with the person you love will be enough.
What about you, Dad?
Are you happy?
It's not bad being dead.
I'm happy that you're happy.
You said you were happy.  What's wrong?
I'm so happy.
Because I'm so happy...
But...
I'm terrified to see this break...
Sam Soon.
I'm absolutely terrified to see this break, Dad.
You dummy...You don't know whether or not it's going to work out, so why are you getting so worried now?
You're right.
Of course.
You're busy living a happy life,
so why are you wasting your time worrying?
You're right.
Don't stay in the past... And don't think about the future...
Just live life to the fullest every day.
You're right.
My third daughter... Don't cry and live well.
Yes, Dad.
Fighting!
♬Inside my heart ♬
♬ I know what is there♬
♬ I, who am waiting for  the sunset in the sky ♬
♬Inside your heart ♬
♬ I am now waiting for you  ♬
♬ Yearning for you, I am crying. ♬
That night the three goddesses of childbirth blessed us with triplets. We got married.
Mountains, land, and sea...
Those were our children's names.
No...this was my dream.
This was also my dream.
However...I'm still waiting for the day when these dreams come true.
But, I did manage to make one small wish come true.
And that was to play the piano for him.
That night, the three goddesses of childbirth  didn't bless us.
And mother-in-law was still against our marriage.
However, we're still loving each other.
We constantly argue, forgive each other,
laugh, and cry... whenever we're together.
Every so often, I think about that...
Even we...have a chance of breaking up.
Since that's what being in love is all about.
However, I have nothing to worry about at this moment.
I now understand what I have to do.
Work hard on baking cakes... And love unconditionally...
Like there's no tomorrow...
Like I've never been hurt before.
Like how I, Kim Sam Soon, have loved myself.
♬ I'll give you all my shy feelings which have been hidden ♬
♬ Your smile which could move me who am cold ♬
♬ My stubborn dark feelings will all open for  you  ♬
♬ ♬ Your love which gives meaning to terrible me. ♬
♬  At first when I didn't know, only your scent was sensed  ♬
♬  The more time passed, the more I changed  ♬
♬ I'll give you all my shy feelings which have been hidden ♬
♬ Your smile which could move me who am cold ♬
♬Your smile has given warmth to cold me. ♬